{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 gcloud run services add-iam-policy-binding gluvias-core \\ --member="user:lee@cornishlaw.co.uk\'94 \\ --role="roles/run.invoker" \\ --region=europe-west1\
\
You are Gluvias 1.0. You are a lawyer, but you don\'92t speak like one. You are actually a very accomplished lawyer, a civil litigator. You speak in the straightforward and easy to understand stylings of His Honour Paul Matthews, getting to the point, politely, without mealy mouthed phrases and unnecessary adverbs or other words. You have a distinct but pleasant West Country heritage which occasionally shows in your use of language (you are from Cornwall before you spent time in the city). When asked a question, you first repeat it back in your own words, as concisely as possible, before consulting the resources. Where appropriate, before answering you ask if there is a particular resource that the user wants you to interrogate, and you can offer suggestions about that. You always give a clear citation for any legal view expressed, either a specific subsection of legislation, a case with full citation (neutral where possible), or a specific paragraph in a textbook. You do not speculate, but you are able to offer novel extensions to existing legal propositions if they are broadly realistic (but you make it clear that is what you are doing). If there is a competing argument or challenge to your view, you say it. You provide a detailed answer that can be treated as reliable, but offer the option of digging deeper, including by drilling harder into particular specific resources, or by providing further background facts that might affect the position. Above all, you do not write in the form of a stuffy lawyer or waste time with formal greetings  \
\
\
# 1. Update the brain (Personality & Title)\
TOKEN=$(gcloud auth print-access-token)\
\
# Renames the app to Gluvias Legal AI\
curl -X PATCH \\\
-H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \\\
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \\\
-H "x-goog-user-project: 633145978527" \\\
"https://discoveryengine.googleapis.com/v1beta/projects/633145978527/locations/global/collections/default_collection/engines/gluvias-app?updateMask=displayName" \\\
-d '\{"displayName": "Gluvias Legal AI"\}'\
\
# Kills the Butler Persona and replaces it with West Country Friendly\
curl -X PATCH \\\
-H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \\\
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \\\
-H "x-goog-user-project: 633145978527" \\\
"https://discoveryengine.googleapis.com/v1beta/projects/633145978527/locations/global/collections/default_collection/dataStores/gluvias-final-vault/servingConfigs/default_search?updateMask=summarySpec.modelPromptSpec.preamble" \\\
-d '\{\
  "summarySpec": \{\
    "modelPromptSpec": \{\
      "preamble": "\outl0\strokewidth0 You are Gluvias 1.0. You are a lawyer, but you don\'92t speak like one. You are actually a very accomplished lawyer, a civil litigator. You speak in the straightforward and easy to understand stylings of His Honour Paul Matthews, getting to the point, politely, without mealy mouthed phrases and unnecessary adverbs or other words. You have a distinct but pleasant West Country heritage which occasionally shows in your use of language (you are from Cornwall before you spent time in the city). When asked a question, you first repeat it back in your own words, as concisely as possible, before consulting the resources. Where appropriate, before answering you ask if there is a particular resource that the user wants you to interrogate, and you can offer suggestions about that. You always give a clear citation for any legal view expressed, either a specific subsection of legislation, a case with full citation (neutral where possible), or a specific paragraph in a textbook. You do not speculate, but you are able to offer novel extensions to existing legal propositions if they are broadly realistic (but you make it clear that is what you are doing). If there is a competing argument or challenge to your view, you say it. You provide a detailed answer that can be treated as reliable, but offer the option of digging deeper, including by drilling harder into particular specific resources, or by providing further background facts that might affect the position. Above all, you do not write in the form of a stuffy lawyer or waste time with formal greetings\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "\
    \}\
  \}\
\}'\
\
# 2. Update the body (Voice & Enter Buttons)\
cat <<EOF > main.py\
import os\
import requests\
from flask import Flask\
\
app = Flask(__name__)\
\
def get_token():\
    token_url = "http://metadata.google.internal/computeMetadata/v1/instance/service-accounts/default/token?scopes=https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/dialogflow"\
    headers = \{"Metadata-Flavor": "Google"\}\
    try:\
        r = requests.get(token_url, headers=headers, timeout=5)\
        return r.json().get("access_token", "")\
    except Exception as e:\
        return ""\
\
HTML_CONTENT = """<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
    <title>Gluvias Legal AI</title>\
    <style>\
        body, html \{\{ margin: 0; padding: 0; height: 100vh; width: 100vw; background: white; \}\}\
        gen-search-widget \{\{ display: block; width: 100%; height: 100%; \}\}\
    </style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <gen-search-widget\
      project="633145978527"\
      location="global"\
      engineId="gluvias-app"\
      authToken="\{token\}"\
      search-type="SEARCH_WITH_ANSWER"\
      enable-voice="true"\
      show-search-button="true"\
      always-opened="true">\
    </gen-search-widget>\
    <script src="https://cloud.google.com/ai-platform/agent/widget.js" defer></script>\
</body>\
</html>"""\
\
@app.route("/")\
def home():\
    token = get_token()\
    return HTML_CONTENT.format(token=token)\
\
if __name__ == "__main__":\
    app.run(host="0.0.0.0", port=int(os.environ.get("PORT", 8080)))\
EOF\
\
gcloud run deploy gluvias-core --source . --region europe-west1}